the gabon is an ocean of trees and greenery whose thickness will be
crossed next January in the new total paris circle k
he cites documents all that did gather to satisfy the taste of
the extreme so dear to the crisis
the citroën sport team
gold these rendered in November heart of the equatorial forest
with two rally-raid buildings
of which more than a month and clay three pilots and an important material
in all about twenty people determined to study thoroughly this
new difficulty the mud
if for his civic commitment has already announced the color
on their side the natives quickly adapted to these new machines
and for the first time had torn the silence weighed down by
humidity
diatta here the 95% 1
equipped with sophisticated electronic equipment
Citroën technicians deal with the multiple data relating to the
behavior of editions during these tests
it is a question of testing new solutions especially at the level of the
torque distribution for the best traction
and transmissions which will have to support a surplus of solicitations
an impressive depth
the mud is omnipresent causing heroism slip
my closet
bradford
on such a special terrain each driver has his driving technique
and this parameter must be taken into account for the different settings of the
car
in an improvised workshop
are also modified gestation ignition and pressure of
overeating
Friday night
the choice of tires is also very important
new sculptures capable of improving motor skills
and the mud and hold on a long distance are also tested
Bravo
and
but counting natural conditions already quite harsh
the men of citroën sport we will further accentuate the difficulties in
deflecting the course of a small river in order to have a flooded track on
measured
to Montreal
obviously help them we can not do without a quality
absolutely essential sealing
in this area also the maximum is made so that the engine does not suffer
frequent underwater passages
sales of stereo versions
%
at the end of a busy day
men and machines have deserved a good restorative shower
everything was ready for this new adventure
citroën sport is prepared with all the seriousness and ability to
work that we know him
so that all chances are on the side of go anyway berthiaume of
valdes guardian to the
in 2007 the monk group detailed article apd and ambrosio dudes
December 23
after the prologue they will take the departure of paris to rally the course
after having crossed ten African countries, one of the most hostile
Gabon